\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename LibreDWG.info
@include version.texi
@settitle LibreDWG @value{VERSION}

@c Combine everything into one index (arbitrarily chosen to be the
@c concept index).
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for GNU LibreDWG (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Libraries
@direntry
* LibreDWG: (LibreDWG).         Free implementation of the DWG file format.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title GNU LibreDWG
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Thien-Thi Nguyen
@c Hey, if you can change this, you can comment in the next line!
@c @author GNU LibreDWG Developers
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents


@ifnottex
@node Top
@top GNU LibreDWG

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Overview::            General purpose and information.
* Usage::               How to use LibreDWG.
* Types::               Enums, structs.
* Constants::           Value macros, invariably.
* Functions::           Call them.

* Reporting bugs::      Sending bug reports and feature suggestions.
* GNU Free Documentation License:: Copying and sharing this documentation.
* Index::
@end menu


@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@cindex overview
@cindex dwg file format
@cindex license

LibreDWG is a free C library to read and write @dfn{DWG files}.
The DWG file format was created in the 1970s for the then-emerging
CAD applications.

This library is part of the GNU project, released under the aegis of
GNU.  It is made available under GPLv3+, i.e., under the terms of the
GNU General Public License version 3, or (at your option) any later
version.

@section API/ABI version

@cindex version, API/ABI

LibreDWG @value{VERSION} provides the API/ABI version 1.
@*[??? libtool version info ???]@*
We hope that this doesn't need to change much in the future.
@ignore
In the past, these were released:

@table @code
@c [???] For first release, there is no history.  However, might me want
@c to describe the difference between LibreDWG and LibDWG here?  --ttn
@item 0
...
@end table
@end ignore

@section Coverage

@cindex coverage

Because the DWG file format is not open, its specification had to be
reverse-engineered.  To date (@value{UPDATED-MONTH}) this is an ongoing
process; the specification is approximately [??? percent ???] complete.
Likewise, LibreDWG implementation of the specification is also an
ongoing process; as of version @value{VERSION}, coverage is
approximately [??? percent ???].
Here is a list of features that are still missing.

@cindex features, still missing

@table @asis

@item FOO[???] variant
The FOO variant is low priority because no one uses it in the Free
Software world.  We probably will never get to it.

@end table

@section Related projects

@cindex projects, related

Some projects that use DWG (and specifically LibreDWG) are:

@table @asis
@item [???]
This project now uses LibreDWG.
@end table


@node Usage
@chapter Usage

@cindex header
@cindex compilation
@cindex linking

This chapter describes how to compile and link a program against
LibreDWG.  To access LibreDWG interface elements (@pxref{Types},
@pxref{Constants}, @pxref{Functions}), include its header file
in the C code.

@example
